[production]
phpSettings.display_startup_errors = 0
phpSettings.display_errors = 0
includePaths.library = APPLICATION_PATH "/../library"
bootstrap.path = APPLICATION_PATH "/Bootstrap.php"
bootstrap.class = "Bootstrap"
appnamespace = "Application"
resources.frontController.controllerDirectory = APPLICATION_PATH "/controllers"
resources.frontController.params.displayExceptions = 0

resources.frontController.params.prefixDefaultModule = "1"
resources.frontController.moduleDirectory = APPLICATION_PATH "/modules"

resources.router.routes.home.route = /home
resources.router.routes.home.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.home.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.home.defaults.action = index

;quemsomos
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.route = /quem-somos
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.defaults.action = quem-somos

;servicos
resources.router.routes.servicos.route = /servicos
resources.router.routes.servicos.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.servicos.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.servicos.defaults.action = servicos

;produtos
resources.router.routes.produtos.route = /produtos
resources.router.routes.produtos.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.produtos.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.produtos.defaults.action = produtos

;produtos/id/
resources.router.routes.produtosId.route = /produtos/id/:id
resources.router.routes.produtosId.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.produtosId.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.produtosId.defaults.action = produtos

; contato
resources.router.routes.contato.route = /contato
resources.router.routes.contato.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.contato.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.contato.defaults.action = contato

resources.layout.layoutPath = APPLICATION_PATH "/layouts/scripts/"
[staging : production]

[testing : production]
phpSettings.display_startup_errors = 1
phpSettings.display_errors = 1

[development : production]
phpSettings.display_startup_errors = 1
phpSettings.display_errors = 1
resources.frontController.params.displayExceptions = 1

resources.router.routes.home.route = /home
resources.router.routes.home.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.home.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.home.defaults.action = index

;quemsomos
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.route = /quem-somos
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.quemsomos.defaults.action = quem-somos

;servicos
resources.router.routes.servicos.route = /servicos
resources.router.routes.servicos.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.servicos.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.servicos.defaults.action = servicos

;produtos
resources.router.routes.produtos.route = /produtos
resources.router.routes.produtos.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.produtos.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.produtos.defaults.action = produtos

;produtos/id/
resources.router.routes.produtosId.route = /produtos/id/:id
resources.router.routes.produtosId.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.produtosId.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.produtosId.defaults.action = produtos

; contato
resources.router.routes.contato.route = /contato
resources.router.routes.contato.defaults.module = default
resources.router.routes.contato.defaults.controller = index
resources.router.routes.contato.defaults.action = contato
